What happened to them?
They are under the command of the zombie drug
No old dog commands them
No old dogs are damaged
So they also lose
No no no you can't kill me
You can't live even if you kill me
What? This is all arranged by the boss
Bitter Winter and I are both under the Shuai
The general is seriously ill
Therefore, it is necessary to practice the longevity formation
Only I can extend the life of the commander
Nonsense
Say
How did my brother die?
Your brother sends a strawberry
I know the secret of the handsome
Consultation dead end
I let Red Bean kill me
search
You tried to kill me?
You didn't find your sister-in-law
Have you been out of touch for a long time?
Where is my sister-in-law?
You think carefully
How many people are needed to cultivate this formation?
From my brother investigating the case
Due to the case of borrowing knives from soldiers
48 women
And this formation requires 49, right?
Your sister-in-law is in the hands of Da Shuai
You don't kill me
I can destroy the formation and save your sister-in-law
This is your only chance to save your sister-in-law
Ah Xun, don't believe him to kill this bad guy
Song Xuan
You have to listen to me.
Take down Su Yuehan
He is the daughter of the mastermind
If you take down his handsome, you can make a mess
I can destroy the position
Rescue your sister-in-law
OK